LLk - River Docs Polish (#68)
replit/river: README.md

# River

River is a framework designed to create long-lived streaming Remote Procedure Calls (RPCs) with features tailored to modern web applications. By combining JSON Schema support, full-duplex streaming, service multiplexing, and transparent reconnect support.
River offers developers a solution for building scalable and resilient RPC services.

> ### Prerequisites

Reviewer: this section should be moved below the description section

         // Other compiler options...
       }
     }
     ```
     If the `"moduleResolution"` property does not exist, add the following to your config file. `"moduleResolution": "bundler"`. If it exists but is set to a different value, modify it to `"bundler"`.

3. Install River and Dependencies:

  To use River, install the required packages using npm:
  ```bash
    npm i @replit/river @sinclair/typebox
  ```
4. If you plan on using WebSocket for transport, also install
  ```bash
  npm i ws isomorphic-ws
  ```
These commands will install River, `@sinclair/typebox`, and optionally WebSocket dependencies (`ws` and `isomorphic-ws`) for transport if needed.

## Long-lived streaming remote procedure calls

River provides a framework for long-lived streaming Remote Procedure Calls (RPCs) in modern web applications, featuring advanced error handling and customizable retry policies to ensure seamless communication between clients and servers.

- **tRPC (Typed RPC)**: A TypeScript-first RPC framework emphasizing strong typing and code generation, offering automatic serialization, validation, and error handling for high-performance APIs in TypeScript projects.

> - **gRPC (Google Remote Procedure Call)**: An open-source RPC framework utilizing HTTP/2 and Protocol Buffers for bi-directional streaming, load balancing, and authentication, commonly used in microservices architectures and distributed systems.

Reviewer: we shouldn't define these ourselves, this should just link out to tRPC/gRPC

# River

> River is a framework designed to create long-lived streaming Remote Procedure Calls (RPCs) with features tailored to modern web applications. By combining JSON Schema support, full-duplex streaming, service multiplexing, and transparent reconnect support.

Reviewer: let's remove the leading paragraph, we repeat the information in the next paragraph anyways

- Transport: manages the lifecycle (creation/deletion) of connections and multiplexing read/writes from clients. Both the client and the server must be passed in a subclass of `Transport` to work.
  - Connection: the actual raw underlying transport connection
  - Session: a higher-level abstraction that operates over the span of potentially multiple transport-level connections

> - Codec: encodes messages between clients/servers before the transport sends it across the wire.

Reviewer: 'transport' refers to the river transport, its important we keep that phrasing here

export const serviceDefs = buildServiceDefs([ExampleServiceConstructor()]);
```

> Then, we create the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, we create the server:
```

setLevel('info');
```

### Connection status

River defines two types of reconnects:

1. **Transparent reconnects:** These occur when the connection is temporarily lost and reestablished without losing any messages. From the application's perspective, this process is seamless and does not disrupt ongoing operations.

> 2. **Hard reconnect:** This occurs when all server state is lost, requiring the client to reinitialize its environment. These reconnect signaled through `session status` events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Hard reconnect:** This occurs when all server state is lost, requiring the client to reinitialize anything stateful (e.g. subscriptions).
```

Reviewer: don't need to repeat how this is signaled as we mention it in the following paragraph
